Fix: Adding semantic-release package and requirements to the project [#167] (#168)
adaptlearning/adapt-contrib-core: .github/pull_request_template.md

> ### Issue ID
> 
> e.g. fixes #123
> 
> ### Context/Purpose
> 
> A sentence describing the issue. This should be readable by end users
> 
> ### Implementation details
> 
> An overview of the approach taken to action the issue
> 
> ### PR Checklist
> 
> - [ ] The title begins with the semantic-release format "type(Name): "
> - [ ] This is followed by a description of the task
> - [ ] I have added the issue number(s) to the title
> - [ ] The title matches the following format "type(Name): Description of the task [#123]"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fixes #123

### Fixed
* A sentence describing each fix

### Added
* A sentence describing each addition

### Testing
1. Steps for testing

requires #123 

### PR Checklist
- [ ] The title begins with the semantic-release format "type(Name): "
- [ ] This is followed by a description of the task
- [ ] I have added the issue number(s) to the title
- [ ] The title matches the following format "type(Name): Description of the task [#123]"
```

Reviewer: Not sure about the checklist part. I understand that their needs to be title enforcement for automation, but a fillable checklist seems a little too much. Any way to prepopulate it? Or at least shorten that text to something more deletable/informative.

Author: I've made some changes and put a lot of the descriptive elements in comments, so it should reduce the output noise. Can you take a look please?
